#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   trio
babel==2.10.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
bleach==5.0.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2022.5.18.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via pip-tools
cryptography==37.0.2
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.15.3
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.33.3
    # via matplotlib
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.13.0
    # via wsproto
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
importlib-metadata==4.11.4
    # via jupyterlab-server
importlib-resources==5.7.1
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.13.0
    # via notebook
ipython==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via notebook
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.8
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab
kiwisolver==1.4.2
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==0.3.7
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.6.3
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.11
    # via nbclassic
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.22.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
outcome==1.1.0
    # via trio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.1.1
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==6.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.29
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.1
    # via ipykernel
psycopg2==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.12.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyopenssl==22.0.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==0.20.0
    # via webdriver-manager
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyzmq==23.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   webdriver-manager
scikit-learn==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
selenium==4.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==1.4.36
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.2
    # via -r requirements.in
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via pep517
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.2.1.post0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
trio==0.20.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.9.2
    # via selenium
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.9
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webdriver-manager==3.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.3.2
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
wsproto==1.1.0
    # via trio-websocket
zipp==3.8.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
